Hey wait a minute
Here's a thousand in change.
Why do you want to pay us back?
Zhao Yang is my husband
My husband's property is mine
He said nonsense that Zhao Yang was dead
And the property is all divided
This doesn't belong to you.
aunt
My dad was so good to you when he was alive
Always single-minded
Can you look at his face?
Can you let us go?
I can't help it either.
I got ripped off.
Wang Shuai said to take me to do business
Let me guarantee his loan
But I didn't expect him to run away
You can help auntie once
Auntie will definitely pay you back.
You go away
Why should we help you pay it back? And you
I tell you we won't give it.
Hurry up and leave
I'm leaving, I'm calling the police
Fucking bitch still wants to default
Tell me that there is no unspeakable battle on the road
Gotta go back today
Hey
Yeah.
This is for you 100,000 give me some
Hello, Zhao Yang
Dare to hide private money behind my back
Cousin put him away
No, that's my daughter's school money.
You can't take it.
Go to your sister
Damn it, steal money from me
Brother Ming has a house
I 100,000
House 500,000
Give us 200,000 we're going 200,000
How do we have that kind of money?
No.
This house is what I married and left to my daughter
You can't take it.
Stop talking nonsense and say you can receive it if you can.
The daughter looks good
What are you doing?
What's coming at me?
Go to this old lady you shit
This girl is not bad looking.
Go and pull me to the store to accompany the wine to pay off the debt
Leave him alone!
As long as he is, I will want it.
let go